It's now working in SDL2!  But there are a number of bugs noticed

Open Issues:
  2. Mouse Navigate isn't hitting the exact right spot - 
     This is actually a problem in SDL1 to, at least in window mode
     So fix for one should fix both
  6. It fails with 16-bit depth, but not 32.  SDL1 always used 16.  
     I don't necessarily need 16 to work, but just want to understand it
     better.  (reports invalid pixel format)
       MORE INFO: 24 fails as well.   This could be nice to have as I 
         suspect the ints used everywhere are signed 32-bit integers
	 when they probably should be Uint32s
 13. Is setup broken?
 14. My image scaling function also seems to run poorly for SDL1,
     perhaps it should be eliminated for box art at least?

Fixed issues:
FX1. Keyboard navigation doesn't work (key mapping issue?)
FX3. menu hilighter doesn't seem to be working
     MORE INFO!  This is because the BG color for the fnt_print_screen
       is coming up negative.  It needs to be positive to draw the font 
       bg.  Is this bad value coming from makecol?   Do we need to use
       more unsigned ints, or Uint32s since we are using a bigger bit
       depth. 
       *** No matter what I do, it is negative, so I made the check
           look for -1 explicitely instead of any negative number
FX4. You can see too many screen updates, is RendererPresent getting
     called too frequently?  May need to use the autoupdate flag to
     reduce.
     28 Screen updates before the first user interaction!
      Only one is required.
     ** Reduced it from 28 -> 3.  Still works as expected, but if things
        don't display, more updates may be needed
FX5. Mouse wheel works in one direction only, and the wheel is reversed
     Had to add a special function to wrap simulate_keypress()
     Something wonky here in SDL2
FX7. Colors of some components are showing a cyan tint when they
     should be yellow.
        I suspect that the ENDIANESS is wrong or being detected wrong.
	when I reverse the red and blue mask, it looks right.
FX8. Masked blits were essentially disabled on SDL2
FX9. CRITICAL! Frequently goes into infinate loop.
         - caused by my scaling function.  Good news is that in SDL2,
          I can call SDL_BlitScaled instead and not use my code.
FX10. The TV screens that go over the screen shots are supposed to be 
     semi-transparent, but they aren't
       Findings:  overlay surface format is SDL_PIXELFORMAT_RGB24
                 screen surface format is SDL_PIXELFORMAT_ABGR8888
		 the overlay seems to have no alpha component (Amask is 0)
       TRY: Converting the surfaces after loading the overlays
      Problem wasn't the surface formats, but blend mode wasn't being
      set for loaded bitmaps 
FX11. PAGE_UP/PAGE_DOWN aren't working in SDL2- 
       Note: feels laggy,  hopefully due to too many screen updates (#4)
FX12. Joystick Navigation probably not working

New SDL1 issues:
  SDL1 and SDL2 are not defined for emufe!  We can either define them
  or call s2a_flip() for both versions

Code Issues:

* masked blit currently has no SDL2 support
* remove more warnings
* Fix all the UpdateRects
